Ontology is developed for Artificial Intelligence applications to facilitate knowledge sharing, knowledge representation and knowledge reuse. Also, ontology provides a platform for Artificial Intelligence application to do those facilities. At the present time, there is a progress of semantic web technology and has become interest in developing ontology- based application because semantic web technology allows to create data stores and to handle data. In the process of learning, obtaining extra knowledge by referring to subject related reference book as well as lecture notes and answering practice questions for final examinations are essential activities of university student‘s life.There are websites and systems (Wikipedia, tutorial points, etc.) to provide subject related information with sample questions and there are some web sites which provide reference books which may not be always free for students and others. And also, university libraries facilitate students to read and borrow reference books as well.Due to various reasons students show idleness to read and go through reference books and prepare practice question by themselves. Even though there are systems and websites exist to download reference books with large number of pages and to generate subject related sample questions, there is no system to generate a note, only with the information of a reference book which has similar concepts of uploaded lecture slides and also there is no system to generate practice questions, only based on uploaded lecture slides. To overcome these issues and to give an easy way to obtain extra knowledge, we provide an ontology driven note generating and question generating system. The planned system includes maintaining domain specific ontologies for both lecture slides and reference book, identifying similar concepts by comparing two ontologies and generating a note with the information of reference book from similar concepts and generating practice questions from lecture slides ontology. The final solution is a reference book domain specific intelligent note generating and lecture slides domain specific intelligent question generating system. The system will generate one note for each lecture slides or lesson which contains similar concept‘s information from a reference book and will generate practice questions for each lecture slides or lesson.